remove datapatch type attribute value `DP` and `ACCESS_AP` (#353)
Open-CMSIS-Pack/Open-CMSIS-Pack-Spec: doxygen/src/devices_schema.txt

    <th>type=</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="XML-Token">AP</td>
    <td>CoreSight Access Port register access. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="XML-Token">Mem</td>
    <td>Memory access. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="XML-Token">DP</td>

>     <td><b>Removed from specificationstarting version 1.7.49</b>: CoreSight Debug Port register access.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td><b>Removed from specification starting version 1.7.49</b>: CoreSight Debug Port register access.<br>
```

    <b>Note:</b> This type refers to accesses via the <b>DPACC</b> instruction for <b>CoreSight JTAG-DPs</b>. Please refer to the
    corresponding documentation for differences in the register interface between JTAG and Serial Wire debug ports.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="XML-Token">ACCESS_AP</td>

>     <td><b>Removed from specificationstarting version 1.7.49</b>: Top-level Access Port access for a CoreSight ADIv6 DAP. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td><b>Removed from specification starting version 1.7.49</b>: Top-level Access Port access for a CoreSight ADIv6 DAP. </td>
```

Sorry, missed it the first time
